Meeting Script - Host
2024-09-28T17:39:50-04:00

  This is the General script for the Host.

  -   This script contains all HOST related material for a non-speaker
      meeting.
  -   It is very important that the Host and a Co-Host be in regular
      communication, and that expectations are discussed between them
      (e.g., Coordination of topic, who is timing, etc.)

  From the AA Zoom Security Guide (Hardware suggestions)

  -   ADMINS, HOSTS AND CO-HOSTS SHOULD NOT BE ON A MOBILE DEVICE WHEN
      RUNNING A MEETING. USE A FULL PC OR FAIRLY DECENT LAPTOP.
  -   Zoom doesn’t have the same features, easily accessible on mobile
      devices.
  -   It is highly recommended:
      -   At minimum, use a laptop or a desktop computer, running
          Windows, MacOS or Linux.
      -   Use an external mouse. This enhances the ability to react
          quickly to disruptors.
      -   Use of a secondary/external monitor is preferred but not
          required.

  Responsibilities of the Host

  -   IT IS RECOMMENDED THAT THE HOST NOT ADMIT ANY ATTENDEES FROM THE
      WAITING ROOM. By leaving this task to the co-host(s) the host will
      be able focus on their responsibilities. This also allows the
      co-host(s) to be aware of everyone that has been admitted.
  -   Facilitate the meeting and keep the meeting moving smoothly as you
      follow the script for the duration of the meeting.
  -   Ensure there is a topic for the meeting and share with co-host
      prior, giving the co-host an opportunity to capture for future
      posting in chat.
  -   Facilitate the Discussion part of the meeting, including:
      -   Asking to unmute
      -   Timing the participant (if agreement made with co-host)
      -   Muting the participant
      -   Lowering the participants hand when sharing is complete.
  -   At 9:55 PM ET – Ensure you have readers for the meeting.
      -   “How it works”
      -   “Step 10 and part of its Promises”

  REMINDERs:

  AT 10PM ENSURE THE FOLLOWING CONFIGURATIONS

  -   Mute All participants.
  -   “Mute Participants upon Entry” is checked.
  -   “Allow Participants to Unmute Themselves” is unchecked.
  -   “Host and co-hosts” should be selected in “Participant Can Chat
      with:”

MEETING SCRIPT

Welcome to the very open Love and Tolerance meeting of Alcoholics
Anonymous. My name is _____ and I am an Alcoholic. I’ll be your
chairperson this evening.

Please help me open the meeting with the Serenity Prayer.

God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; courage
to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.

  [DO NOT READ ALOUD] Host should use the “Mute All” feature at this
  point. It will mute everyone in the room except for the Host

We will be placing everyone on mute for the duration of the meeting. If
you want to share please use the raise your hand feature and I will
unmute you. The instructions on how to share will be posted in the chat.
Those needing proof of attendance, the information will be shared toward
the end of the meeting.

AA PREAMBLE

Alcoholics Anonymous is a fellowship of people who share their
experience, strength and hope with each other that they may solve their
common problem and help others to recover from alcoholism. The only
requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. There are no
dues or fees for AA membership; we are self-supporting through our own
contributions. AA is not allied with any sect, denomination, politics,
organization, or institution; does not wish to engage in any
controversy, neither endorses nor opposes any causes. Our primary
purpose is to stay sober and help other alcoholics to achieve sobriety.

I have asked ______ [a friend] to read “How it Works” from page 58 of
the Big Book.

I have asked ________ [another friend] to read Step 10 and part of its
promises, from page 84 of the Big Book.

Are there any AA-related announcements?

Is there anyone here counting days, weeks, or months?

Are there any anniversaries?

There are no dues or fees, but we do have expenses. In keeping with the
7th tradition, “Every A.A. group ought to be fully self-supporting,
declining outside contributions”, methods to contribute will be posted
in the chat. The Account Names and associated QR codes are provided.
Please contact a host or co-host after the meeting if you have questions
on how to donate.

Tonight, is a discussion meeting, on a topic from AA approved
literature. I have asked ­­­____[a friend]___ to choose a reading.

  [DO NOT READ ALOUD] – Host Introduces attendee bringing the topic to
  read their topic and then share. If no one is enlisted to bring the
  topic, the Host introduces the topic themselves and shares

We are open for discussion. Please limit your comments to 3 minutes and
share only once so that everyone may have a chance to share. We will be
setting a timer and will remind you when there is “one minute” left,
after that I’ll ask you to wrap it up. Please don’t take this
personally.

Directions to raise a virtual hand are posted in the chat, you can also
message me or a co-host, or wave on video. Please let’s have a safe and
clean meeting!

  [DO NOT READ ALOUD] – During any pauses in the meeting: - Remind
  everyone that they can share anything on their mind, recovery
  related. - Introduce themselves, especially if new to the group. -
  Moments of silence do NOT reflect badly on the topic or Host. Silence
  is ok and used as time for people to process and reflect

  [DO NOT READ ALOUD] - At approximately 10:45 PM, the chat can be
  opened.

THE CHAT IS NOW OPEN

Please keep it clean, respectful, and safe. When someone reaches out
know that you DO NOT have to give your number if you feel uncomfortable.
Our PRIMARY purpose is to stay sober and help other alcoholics achieve
sobriety. If you feel that someone is being inappropriate please reach
out to the Host or a Co-Host.

  [DO NOT READ ALOUD] – At approximately 10:55 PM prepare to close the
  meeting

We are out of time. Please join us for fellowship after the meeting and
come back tomorrow. Just a reminder that we meet 7 nights a week at 10
pm Eastern, at the same time, same meeting code. If you are in a place
where you can’t have a phone, please make note of our meeting code. The
Love and Tolerance Meeting Code is 190 210 132.

If you are: - Interested in becoming a homegroup member. - Would like to
volunteer to host or co-host for the next rotation. - Need a Big Book or
other AA approved literature or - Would like to be included in the Love
& Tolerance contact list or would like to receive a contact list.

Please send an email to info@loveandtol.com.

If you need proof of meeting attendance, please email
info@loveandtol.com.

Here at Love and Tolerance, we believe sponsorship is important for our
recovery. A sponsor is someone to help you through the 12 Steps of
Alcoholics Anonymous. IF YOU ARE ACTIVELY WORKING THE 12 STEPS AND are
available to sponsor, please put your contact info in the chat now. If
you need a sponsor or have any questions, please reach out to one of
these people.

You can find all this information and more at our website,
loveandtol.com

DECLARATION PLEDGE

When anyone, anywhere, reaches out for help, I want the hand of AA
always to be there. And for that: I am responsible.

Just a reminder, anonymity is the spiritual foundation of our program.
If we are to recover, we must feel free to say what is in our minds and
hearts. Therefore, who you see here, what you hear here, when you leave
here, let it stay here.

Please stay after the meeting for more fellowship.

  [DO NOT READ ALOUD] – Prior to reading of the Serenity Prayer, please
  “Ask All to Unmute”

Please help me close the meeting with the “We” version of the serenity
prayer.

God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change; courage
to change the things we can; and wisdom to know the difference.

AA Approved Literature

https://loveandtol.com/meeting/literature

Other formats

-   PDF
-   Word doc
-   Plain text
-   Kindle
